[Music]
we did it
smoogle we finally did he watch Game of
Thrones what was it cuz a comic-con
yeah and boobies who passes the sentence
should swing the sword does it choice
all the White Walkers
Snowbell we're back we are back in the
Schmo cave it is feels good we're done
with comic-con well the videos will
still keep coming up we're actually back
and it is TV Tuesday and we're we're
doing what we were thinking about it
were like yeah you know we have all
these pilots but then we're like you
know what we just went to this game of
Thrones panel I got the bastard to watch
I watched the first episode of Game of
Thrones
he's one night the first episode of
season 1 Game of Thrones I cracked open
a direwolf ale and went to see what it
was all about and I gotta tell you
Christian for watching the first episode
it's awesome yes okay partly cuz apart
alright because when you originally
watch the 10 min show there's just too
much going on there's just too much
going on I can't watch this thing yeah
and it's so we're not saying that you
invested in it now you sat down and you
went to those went to this world is what
and what happened oh man it's like the
soap opera feel of it is just perfect
it's not - soap opera but there's also
there's there's alliances being formed
there's people there's famous people in
this I think are gonna die I don't know
what's gonna happen Sean Bean and Mark
addy get your chops while you can I
don't think they're too long in the
tooth on this show we got Drogo that
guy's awesome alright take it easy take
it easy right now I am a huge fan of the
show as as schmoeville does know that
this is a mixture of HBO show the raw of
Rome
meets Lord of the Rings okay you have
that kind of historical real feel but
with very fantastical type of stuff that
could happen yeah and a lot of naked
chicks you should point that out too
alright so there's not gonna be a big
spoiler type show so you gonna worry
about that but it opens up there yeah
let me say anything that I say is
strictly a guess right I have no idea
what's gonna happen
now when the show opens up it gives you
the tone right away that oh we're not
just in a real world type thing like
anything can
that's right and it really shows you
that we're going to be as wild as we can
we're going to be very gory we're going
to be very sexual so if you want to put
the kiddies to bed go ahead and do that
we're not holding back and I think the
world that George our Martin created it
really feels like a real place yeah and
there's a lot for you must have seemed
like home because there's brothers and
sisters going at it - it's from West
Virginia alright so I'm not from West
Virginia or Virginia it's for lovers
okay yes there's a lot going on who's
that character what's that character
stick with this show for their first
five episodes and I'm telling you you
will be invested because there is a lot
of information to take in because
there's all these different factions in
character but it all pays off and
loosely you have a king who has lost his
right hand man so he comes to Lord Stark
because he Winterfell he's the only guy
he trusts and he's like I need you dude
you got to move here I understand why
does he have to move but is the rest of
his family can't go with them why do
they have to stay at Winterfell because
the Starks run Winterfell so he needs
his he need some of his sons to stay
back and you can feel like one kid in a
wolf's back in Winterfell I'll be fine
as you will find out in this show you
don't trust anybody unless they're your
blood yeah but that's really I mean that
that's what we start out as as far as
Paco's but you really get to meet most
of the characters and you see what all
they're about and everything I've heard
about Peter Dinklage it was that and
beyond that guys fantastic in this and
now you have a girl and this is well on
the other side who eventually I guess
I'm gonna have to still call her
Khaleesi and you'll know eventually why
she I know that mean that right now you
shouldn't but her brother and the girl
oh yeah they want to take over there
because her father was the rightful king
so now they're on a quest so that's why
they get involved with called Drago okay
and then you know it's it's like this
whole other side of it I mean there's a
lot of different things going on to find
out who will eventually get the throne
the big color we're stirring it is and
it just you just get more and more
invested as just as the time goes on
because again like you said no one is
safe in this show and at the very end of
this first episode that proves true yeah
yeah I wanted to watch like the rest of
the season last night of course and I
was really tired I mean the acting is
phenomenal Sean Bean who from Lord of
the Rings Fame is they all know using
his net star you know they all is
they'll invest in these care
nobody's just going through the motions
I really appreciated that I would name
you the hand of the king
eventually that's what you tell your
families tell yourselves that's what men
always savored all the calls and I guess
we should show this one right away yeah
what for so well yeah we should
absolutely smothers episode and I think
here's the thing that's just what HBO
really did well was that they invested
they took a risk they invested a lot of
money in this they'd never done the kind
of sci-fi fantasy show yeah they did it
and they did with this real element and
people came in in droves so it's it's
nice to see it snowing this episode to
get you into this world to have everyone
you know to wake you one watch five out
of five um yeah I'll die there's nothing
wrong with it it's great five out of
five there you go you got me hooked
now small but there's my question are
you fans of Game of Thrones do you love
this show do you love episode 1 season 1
did you like it when you watch it
comment Smallville
[Music]
this Wednesday we're going to be doing a
full recap of comic-con right and
they're talking about Superman we're
going to be talking about all the stuff
we heard about our marvel Godzilla
everything so you guys wouldn't have a
call in tell us a favorite things you
heard things experienced we can't wait
for I will be wearing my Princess Leia
bikini during the podcast I will not be
at that one I'll be calling with a phone
we click on the phone it talks like that
I do
[Music]
you
Oh
[Music]